Now the first step towards developing our concurrent message queue is to
understand and implement the monitor object pattern.
This is a design pattern which is used to synchronize concurrent method execution to
ensure that only one method at a time runs within an object.
This is especially useful in cases where
an application contains objects whose methods are invoked
concurrently by multiple client threads and where
these methods modify the state of their objects.
Now this could be something like adding elements to a standard vector as we have done
already in the lesson project with a class weighting vehicles, if you recall.
Now with the mechanisms we have so far,
we can add elements to a vector as soon as a new object arrives,
but we can only access the vector to process all edit vehicles all at once, all in bulk.
What we would like to do now is develop a mechanism that would
allow us to react as soon as a new item was available.
One first step to do this is to implement a polling loop,
an infinite polling loop.
Take a look down below in this section.